TITLE : Kim
AUTHOR: Rudyard Kipling
METHOD: textrank

Title : Kim Author : Rudyard Kipling Release date : June 1, 2000 [eBook #2226] Most recently updated: March 28, 2024 Language : English Other information and formats : www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/2226 *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK KIM *** Kim by Rudyard Kipling Contents CHAPTER I CHAPTER II CHAPTER III CHAPTER IV CHAPTER V CHAPTER VI CHAPTER VII CHAPTER VIII CHAPTER IX CHAPTER X CHAPTER XI CHAPTER XII CHAPTER XIII CHAPTER XIV CHAPTER XV CHAPTER I O ye who tread the Narrow Way By Tophet-flare to Judgment Day, Be gentle when "the heathen" pray To Buddha at Kamakura! But it was Kim who had wakened the lama--Kim with one eye laid against a knot-hole in the planking, who had seen the Delhi man's search through the boxes. Next morning the priest was in a very bad temper, but the lama was quite happy; and Kim had enjoyed a most interesting evening with the old man, who brought out his cavalry sabre and, balancing it on his dry knees, told tales of the Mutiny and young captains thirty years in their graves, till Kim dropped off to sleep. "If through me the favour of this bold and wise Colonel Sahib comes to thee, and thou art raised to honour, what thanks wilt thou give Mahbub Ali when thou art a man?" Thou wilt go up the hill and along the road atop, and there thou must forget for a while that thou hast ever seen or spoken to me, Mahbub Ali, who sells horses to Creighton Sahib, whom thou dost not know. Mahbub laughed a great deal, and advised him to make up a written report as well; and in the back of the big account-book that lay under the flap of Mahbub's pet saddle Kim fell to work.. "It must hold everything that thou hast seen or touched or considered. "Who is Kim--Kim--Kim?" None the less, if, by any chance, O man from Jullundur, thou rememberest what thou hast seen, either among the elders sitting under the village tree, or in thine own house, or in company of thy priest when he blesses thy cattle, a murrain will come among the buffaloes, and a fire in thy thatch, and rats in the corn-bins, and the curse of our Gods upon thy fields that they may be barren before thy feet and after thy ploughshare." He is right--a great and a wonderful world--and I am Kim--Kim--Kim--alone--one person--in the middle of it all. Day after day they struck deeper into the huddled mountains, and day after day Kim watched the lama return to a man's strength.