TITLE : Mrs. Warren's Profession
AUTHOR: Bernard Shaw
METHOD: textrank

Title : Mrs. Warren's Profession Author : Bernard Shaw Release date : February 11, 2002 [eBook #1097] Most recently updated: October 29, 2024 Language : English Other information and formats : www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/1097 Credits : Produced by An Anonymous Volunteer and David Widger *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MRS. WARREN'S PROFESSION *** MRS WARREN'S PROFESSION by George Bernard Shaw 1894 With The Author's Apology (1902) Contents THE AUTHOR'S APOLOGY MRS WARREN'S PROFESSION ACT I ACT II ACT III ACT IV THE AUTHOR'S APOLOGY Mrs Warren's Profession has been performed at last, after a delay of only eight years; and I have once more shared with Ibsen the triumphant amusement of startling all but the strongest-headed of the London theatre critics clean out of the practice of their profession. Mrs Warren's Profession is the one play of mine which I could submit to a censorship without doubt of the result; only, it must not be the censorship of the minor theatre critic, nor of an innocent court official like the Lord Chamberlain's Examiner, much less of people who consciously profit by Mrs Warren's profession, or who personally make use of it, or who hold the widely whispered view that it is an indispensable safety-valve for the protection of domestic virtue, or, above all, who are smitten with a sentimental affection for our fallen sister, and would "take her up tenderly, lift her with care, fashioned so slenderly, young, and SO fair." MRS WARREN'S PROFESSION [Mrs Warren's Profession was performed for the first time in the theatre of the New Lyric Club, London, on the 5th and 6th January 1902, with Madge McIntosh as Vivie, Julius Knight as Praed, Fanny Brough as Mrs Warren, Charles Goodhart as Crofts, Harley Granville-Barker as Frank, and Cosmo Stuart as the Reverend Samuel Gardner.] MRS WARREN [to Praed, looking at Crofts] Just look at him, Praddy: he looks cheerful, don't he? VIVIE [to Frank] Is that your father, Frank? MRS WARREN [after looking at her helplessly, begins to whimper] Vivie-- VIVIE [springing up sharply] Now pray don't begin to cry. Stick on your hat and go out and say how delighted you are to see them; and that Frank's in the garden; and that mother and Bessie have been called to the bedside of a sick relative, and were ever so sorry they couldn't stop; and that you hope Mrs Warren slept well; and--and--say any blessed thing except the truth, and leave the rest to Providence. Mrs Warren continues desperately] Vivie: listen to me: you don't understand: you were taught wrong on purpose: you don't know what the world is really like. START: FULL LICENSE THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG™ LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg work, and (c) any Defect you cause.