TITLE : The Hound of the Baskervilles
AUTHOR: Arthur Conan Doyle
METHOD: textrank

Title : The Hound of the Baskervilles Author : Arthur Conan Doyle Release date : October 1, 2001 [eBook #2852] Most recently updated: August 4, 2025 Language : English Other information and formats : www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/2852 Credits : Shreevatsa R, and David Widger *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES *** THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES Another Adventure of Sherlock Holmes by A. Conan Doyle My dear Robinson, It was to your account of a West-Country legend that this tale owes its inception. Contents Chapter 1 Mr. Sherlock Holmes Chapter 2 The Curse of the Baskervilles Chapter 3 The Problem Chapter 4 Sir Henry Baskerville Chapter 5 Three Broken Threads Chapter 6 Baskerville Hall Chapter 7 The Stapletons of Merripit House Chapter 8 First Report of Dr. Watson Chapter 9 The Light upon the Moor [Second Report of Dr. Watson] Chapter 10 Extract from the Diary of Dr. Watson Chapter 11 The Man on the Tor Chapter 12 Death on the Moor Chapter 13 Fixing the Nets Chapter 14 The Hound of the Baskervilles Chapter 15 A Retrospection Chapter 1. Dr. Mortimer looked at Holmes with an air of professional interest, and Sir Henry Baskerville turned a pair of puzzled dark eyes upon me. "So far as I can follow you, then, Mr. Holmes," said Sir Henry Baskerville, "someone cut out this message with a scissors--" "Nail-scissors," said Holmes. Baskerville Hall Sir Henry Baskerville and Dr. Mortimer were ready upon the appointed day, and we started as arranged for Devonshire. "I don't say now that he isn't a crazy man," said Sir Henry; "I can't forget the look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning, but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done." And always, apart from the hound, there is the fact of the human agency in London, the man in the cab, and the letter which warned Sir Henry against the moor. Very glad I should be, sir, to see Sir Henry on his way back to London again!" I start them from the day which succeeded that upon which I had established two facts of great importance, the one that Mrs. Laura Lyons of Coombe Tracey had written to Sir Charles Baskerville and made an appointment with him at the very place and hour that he met his death, the other that the lurking man upon the moor was to be found among the stone huts upon the hillside. Even Stapleton's attempt upon Sir Henry that night which ended in the death of the unfortunate convict did not help us much in proving murder against our man.