TITLE : The boy who couldn't fly
AUTHOR: Charles Spain Verral
METHOD: textrank

Title : The boy who couldn't fly Author : Charles Spain Verral Release date : March 8, 2026 [eBook #78136] Language : English Original publication : Chicago, IL: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company, 1938 Other information and formats : www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78136 Credits : Prepared by volunteers at BookCove (bookcove.net) *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE BOY WHO COULDN'T FLY *** Boys laughing at Dan pretending to fly Dan looked up to see the sneering faces of Frenchy Morenz and Jerry Blackwell. Dan said, "I've got nothing against Jerry. "But I wouldn't go down there, Dan. He didn't say, "This is Dan." But Jerry hadn't known about the Night Hawk--the Night Hawk that could fly as well as the Comet. Jerry said, "Hi, Dan. Dan didn't say anything more. START: FULL LICENSE THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG™ LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license. The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg work, and (c) any Defect you cause.