TITLE : The Invisible Man: A Grotesque Romance
AUTHOR: H. G. Wells
METHOD: textrank

Title : The Invisible Man: A Grotesque Romance Author : H. G. Wells Release date : March 1, 2004 [eBook #5230] Most recently updated: October 16, 2021 Language : English Other information and formats : www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/5230 Credits : Andrew Sly *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE INVISIBLE MAN: A GROTESQUE ROMANCE *** The Invisible Man A Grotesque Romance by H. G. Wells Contents I. His goggling spectacles and ghastly bandaged face under the penthouse of his hat, came with a disagreeable suddenness out of the darkness upon one or two home-going labourers, and Teddy Henfrey, tumbling out of the "Scarlet Coat" one night, at half-past nine, was scared shamefully by the stranger's skull-like head (he was walking hat in hand) lit by the sudden light of the opened inn door. "You are the only man except some of those fools down there, who knows there is such a thing as an invisible man. THE INVISIBLE MAN SLEEPS Exhausted and wounded as the Invisible Man was, he refused to accept Kemp's word that his freedom should be respected. And not only paper, but cotton fibre, linen fibre, wool fibre, woody fibre, and bone , Kemp, flesh , Kemp, hair , Kemp, nails and nerves , Kemp, in fact the whole fabric of a man except the red of his blood and the black pigment of hair, are all made up of transparent, colourless tissue. I had thought I should find the doors open, but they were closed, and as I stood in the wide entrance a carriage stopped outside, and a man in uniform--you know the kind of personage with 'Omnium' on his cap--flung open the door. The point is, they know there is an Invisible Man--as well as we know there is an Invisible Man. Kemp made three swift steps to the door, and forthwith the Invisible Man--his legs had vanished--sprang to his feet with a shout. With a quick movement Kemp thrust the Invisible Man back, sprang aside, and slammed the door. START: FULL LICENSE THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG™ LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.