TITLE : The Red House Mystery
AUTHOR: A. A. Milne
METHOD: textrank

"I don't see why we shouldn't have--two rounds," said Bill hopefully. "I don't take it upon myself to say that I had had any acquaintance with Mr. Robert, but seeing that it wasn't Mr. Mark, nor yet Mr. Cayley, nor any other of the gentlemen, and Miss Stevens had shown Mr. Robert into the office not five minutes before--" "Quite so," said the Inspector hurriedly. Robert had been shown into the office (witness Audrey); Mark had gone in to Robert (witness Cayley); Mark and Robert had been heard talking (witness Elsie); there was a shot (witness everybody); the room had been entered and Robert's body had been found (witness Cayley and Gillingham). Cayley hears the shot, and in order to give Mark time to get away, locks the door, puts the key in his pocket and pretends that Mark has locked the door, and that he can't get in. Mark had gone into the office to see his brother; Elsie had heard them both talking; and then Antony and Cayley had found the body of Robert.... and the Inspector was going to drag the pond. "Well, Mark isn't there," said Antony. "It's much easier to shoot yourself than to drown yourself, and if Mark had wanted to shoot himself in the water, with some idea of not letting the body be found, he'd have put big stones in his pockets, and the only big stones are near the water's edge, and they would have left marks, and they haven't, and therefore he didn't, and--oh, bother the pond; that can wait till this afternoon. I can imagine that Mark loved having this little secret all to himself--and to Cayley, of course, but Cayley wouldn't count--and they must have had great fun fixing it up, and making it more difficult for other people to find out. I don't know if it is the right one--I don't know, Bill; I'm rather frightened. But suppose Mark had actually seen his brother and had a quarrel with him; suppose it could be made to look as if Robert had killed Mark-- Antony pictured to himself Cayley in the passage, standing over the dead body of his cousin, and working it out.