TITLE : The Secret Garden
AUTHOR: Frances Hodgson Burnett
METHOD: textrank

He sang it until the other children heard and laughed, too; and the crosser Mary got, the more they sang "Mistress Mary, quite contrary"; and after that as long as she stayed with them they called her "Mistress Mary Quite Contrary" when they spoke of her to each other, and often when they spoke to her. There tha' stands sayin' tha' doesn't like this one an' tha' doesn't like that one. CHAPTER XI THE NEST OF THE MISSEL THRUSH For two or three minutes he stood looking round him, while Mary watched him, and then he began to walk about softly, even more lightly than Mary had walked the first time she had found herself inside the four walls. "I didn't when first I came here," said Mary. "Oh, don't--don't--don't--don't do that!" SAID MARY They found a great deal to do that morning and Mary was late in returning to the house and was also in such a hurry to get back to her work that she quite forgot Colin until the last moment. Dickon had brought a spade of his own and he had taught Mary to use all her tools, so that by this time it was plain that though the lovely wild place was not likely to become a "gardener's garden" it would be a wilderness of growing things before the springtime was over. Dickon went back to the garden with his creatures and Mary stayed with Colin. "Tha' must take off tha' cap," he said to Colin, "an' so mun tha', Ben--an' tha' mun stand up, tha' knows." "'PRAISE GOD FROM WHOM ALL BLESSINGS FLOW'"-- Page 344 And they sang it again, and Mary and Colin lifted their voices as musically as they could and Dickon's swelled quite loud and beautiful--and at the second line Ben Weatherstaff raspingly cleared his throat and at the third he joined in with such vigor that it seemed almost savage and when the "Amen" came to an end Mary observed that the very same thing had happened to him which had happened when he found out that Colin was not a cripple--his chin was twitching and he was staring and winking and his leathery old cheeks were wet.