TITLE : The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare
AUTHOR: G. K. Chesterton
METHOD: textrank

Title : The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare Author : G. K. Chesterton Release date : April 1, 1999 [eBook #1695] Most recently updated: February 5, 2024 Language : English Other information and formats : www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/1695 Credits : Harry Plantinga and David Widger *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE MAN WHO WAS THURSDAY: A NIGHTMARE *** The Man Who Was Thursday A Nightmare by G. K. Chesterton Contents A WILD, MAD, HILARIOUS AND PROFOUNDLY MOVING TALE THE MAN WHO WAS THURSDAY CHAPTER I. Gregory, taken by surprise, looked down and muttered the name of Syme; but Syme replied almost pertly-- "I am glad to see that your gate is well enough guarded to make it hard for anyone to be here who was not a delegate." He could not himself betray Syme, partly from honour, but partly also because, if he betrayed him and for some reason failed to destroy him, the Syme who escaped would be a Syme freed from all obligation of secrecy, a Syme who would simply walk to the nearest police station. And in some strange way, though there was not the shadow of a shape in the gloom, Syme knew two things: first, that it came from a man of massive stature; and second, that the man had his back to him. As Syme drew nearer to him step by step, he did not even move a hair; and Syme could come close enough to notice even in the dim, pale morning light that his face was long, pale and intellectual, and ended in a small triangular tuft of dark beard at the very point of the chin, all else being clean-shaven. "As I say," resumed the Professor, like a man toiling through heavy sand, "the incident that has occurred to us and has led us to ask for information about the Marquis, is one which you may think it better to have narrated; but as it came in the way of Comrade Syme rather than me--" His words he seemed to be dragging out like words in an anthem; but Syme, who was watching, saw his long fingers rattle quickly on the edge of the crazy table. Sunday knew that the Professor would chase Syme through London, and that Syme would fight me in France. This wood of witchery, in which men's faces turned black and white by turns, in which their figures first swelled into sunlight and then faded into formless night, this mere chaos of chiaroscuro (after the clear daylight outside), seemed to Syme a perfect symbol of the world in which he had been moving for three days, this world where men took off their beards and their spectacles and their noses, and turned into other people. "Show us the place," Syme said briefly, and without a word the man in the violet coat turned his back and walked towards a gap in the hedge, which let in suddenly the light of a white road. It was only when he had come quite close to the crescent of the seven and flung up his face to look at them, that Syme saw, with thunder-struck clearness, that the face was the broad, almost ape-like face of his old friend Gregory, with its rank red hair and its insulting smile.