TITLE : The Time Machine
AUTHOR: H. G. Wells
METHOD: textrank

Title : The Time Machine Author : H. G. Wells Release date : October 2, 2004 [eBook #35] Most recently updated: April 19, 2025 Language : English Other information and formats : www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/35 *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE TIME MACHINE *** The Time Machine An Invention by H. G. Wells CONTENTS I Introduction II The Machine III The Time Traveller Returns IV Time Travelling V In the Golden Age VI The Sunset of Mankind VII A Sudden Shock VIII Explanation IX The Morlocks X When Night Came XI The Palace of Green Porcelain XII In the Darkness XIII The Trap of the White Sphinx XIV The Further Vision XV The Time Traveller's Return XVI After the Story Epilogue I. "Because I presume that it has not moved in space, and if it travelled into the future it would still be here all this time, since it must have travelled through this time." If it is travelling through time fifty times or a hundred times faster than we are, if it gets through a minute while we get through a second, the impression it creates will of course be only one-fiftieth or one-hundredth of what it would make if it were not travelling in time. The Time Traveller Returns I think that at that time none of us quite believed in the Time Machine. After a time we ceased to do that, and looked only at the Time Traveller's face. Time Travelling > "I told some of you last Thursday of the principles of the Time Machine, and showed you the actual thing itself, incomplete in the workshop. Did I ever make a Time Machine, or a model of a Time Machine? START: FULL LICENSE THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG™ LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license. The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed: This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg work, and (c) any Defect you cause.